Make template optional for GEN_KW (#5881)
equinor/ert: docs/reference/configuration/keywords.rst

.. topic:: GEN_KW

        The General Keyword, or :code:`GEN_KW` is meant used for specifying a limited number of parameters.
        A configuration example is shown below:

        ::

                GEN_KW  ID  priors.txt

        where :code:`ID` is an arbitrary unique identifier,

>         and :code:`priors.txt` is a file containing a list of parametrized keywords

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        and :code:`priors.txt` is a file containing a list of parameters and their prior distributions
```

        and a prior distribution for each.

>         Given a priors.txt file with the following distribution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Given a :code:`priors.txt` file with the following distribution:
```

        The various prior distributions available for the ``GEN_KW``
        keyword are described :ref:`here <prior_distributions>`.

        It is also possible to skip the templating functionality of ``GEN_KW``, it also allows
        for two positional arguments;

        ::

                GEN_KW  ID  priors.txt

        where :code:`ID` is an arbitrary unique identifier,
        and :code:`priors.txt` is a file containing a list of parametrized keywords
        and a prior distribution for each.

>         this way ``GEN_KW`` will not create an output file for each realization, but instead

Reviewer 2: this -> This

>         add the parameter values to a file located in runpath called: ``parameters.json``

Reviewer 2: users are more familiar with parameters.txt, which I guess it is also outputted to.

Author: Yes, it was intentional to omit it though, because we did at one point say it was deprecated. But I guess that ship has sailed and we should just add it.

        The various prior distributions available for the ``GEN_KW``
        keyword are described :ref:`here <prior_distributions>`.

        It is also possible to skip the templating functionality of ``GEN_KW``, it also allows
        for two positional arguments;

        ::

                GEN_KW  ID  priors.txt

        where :code:`ID` is an arbitrary unique identifier,
        and :code:`priors.txt` is a file containing a list of parametrized keywords
        and a prior distribution for each.

        This way ``GEN_KW`` will not create an output file for each realization, but instead
        add the parameter values to a file located in runpath called: ``parameters.json``.
        A file named ``parameters.txt`` is also create which contains the same information,
        but it is recommended to use ``parameters.json``.

> 

Reviewer: We should move this functionality up to emphasis that this is the default behavior.
